[ADD] sales: create quotations doc (#9749)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/sales/send_quotations/create_quotations.rst

  particular customers or sales orders/invoices. The default value comes from the customer. If a
  selection is made in this field, an :icon:`fa-refresh` :guilabel:`Update Taxes` clickable link and
  icon appear. When clicked, the taxes for this partiuclar customer and quotation are updated. A
  confirmation window appears, as well.
- :guilabel:`Analytic Account`: Select an analytic account to apply to this customer/quotation.

Tracking section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In the :guilabel:`Tracking` section of the :guilabel:`Other Info` tab, there are tracking specific
fields that can be configured.

.. image:: create_quotations/other-info-tracking.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Tracking section of the Other Info tab of a quotation form in Odoo Sales.

- :guilabel:`Source Document`: Enter the reference of the document that generated the
  quotation/sales order, if applicable.
- :guilabel:`Opportunity`: Select the specific opportunity (from the **CRM** app) related to this
  quotation, if applicable.
- :guilabel:`Campaign`: Select the marketing campaign related to this quotation, if applicable.
- :guilabel:`Medium`: Select the method by which this quotation originated (e.g. *Email*,

>   *Facebook*, etc.), if applicable.

Reviewer: Specific platforms like *Facebook* are actually **Source** values. *Email* is an acceptable **Medium** though. 

[Here's a doc](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/whats-difference-between-source-medium-utm-parameters-/) that does a good job covering the difference between the two.

**Source** examples: facebook, google, bing, quora, youtube, reddit, etc.
**Medium** examples: cpc, organic-social, paid-social, email, email, etc.

Reviewer: This section might be a good opp to do a **seealso** or a **tip** to use the link tracker app which has a form to generate UTM tracking values.

  ticked, an additional field, :guilabel:`Default Template`, appears, along with a link to the
  :guilabel:`Quotation Templates` page. To learn more, refer to the :doc:`Quotation templates
  <quote_template>` documentation.
- :guilabel:`Online Signature`: request an online signature to confirm orders. To learn more, refer
  to the :doc:`Online payment order confirmation <get_signature_to_validate>` documentation.
- :guilabel:`Online Payment`: request an online prepayment from customers to confirm orders. Request
  a full or partial payment (via down payment). When this checkbox is ticked, an additional field,
  :guilabel:`Prepayment amount (%)`, appears. There is also a link to the :guilabel:`Payment
  Providers` page. To learn more, refer to the :doc:`Online payment order confirmation
  <get_paid_to_validate>` documentation.
- :guilabel:`Default Quotation Validity`: determine an amount (in :guilabel:`days`) that quotations
  can remain valid for, by default.
- :guilabel:`Default Recurrence`: select a default period from the drop-down menu to use as a
  recurrence period for a new quotation.

> - :guilabel:`Sale Warnings`: get warnings about orders that include specific products or customers.

Author: It is a warning message that is sent to the user. I added a mention about this in the explanation. 👍 
![Screenshot 2024-07-16 092738](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9faaceb8-8b51-4358-aaac-c2dbe4c20b83)

- :guilabel:`PDF Quote builder`: customize the look of quotations with unique header pages, product
  descriptions, footer pages, and more. To learn more, refer to the :doc:`PDF quote builder
  <pdf_quote_builder>` documentation.
- :guilabel:`Lock Confirmed Sales`: ensure that no further edits can be made to confirmed orders.
- :guilabel:`Pro-Forma Invoice`: send pro-forma invoices to customers. To learn more, refer to the
  :doc:`Pro-forma invoices <../invoicing/proforma>` documentation.

> To activate any of these settings, tick the checkbox beside the desired option(s). Then, click

Author: I'm going to keep this formatting as-is, because I don't want the reader to feel like they need to select more than one option. But I completely understand (and appreciate) this suggestion 😄

:guilabel:`Save`.

Quotations dashboard
====================

To access the *Quotations* dashboard, which is the default dashboard of the *Sales* app, simply
click the :menuselection:`Sales app` from the main Odoo dashbord.

.. tip::
   If already in the *Sales* application, the :guilabel:`Quotations` dashboard can be accessed by
   navigating to :menuselection:`Orders --> Quotations` from the header menu in the *Sales*

>    application.

Author: This is a great question. And, frankly, I am not entirely certain. Just to explain my stance, I feel like, since I'm **only** mentioning *if* they are in the application (and not directing them to navigate to/open the app), I opted for the use of italics, instead of the menuselection.

However, I fully see your point, and understand this a bit of an "unorthodox" way to format such a sentence/direction.

So, since this is a kind of "up in the air" issue, I am going to choose to leave it as-is for now, but if ZST or SALI think a different approach should be taken, I'll be sure to make the necessary adjustment. Thanks for bringing this to my attention, though. Great eye for detail 👁️ 👍

:guilabel:`Quotations` dashboard.

.. important::
   The :guilabel:`New` button is **only** present if the :guilabel:`Quotations` dashboard is in list
   or Kanban view.

Clicking the :guilabel:`New` button reveals a blank quotation form, with various fields and tabs to
configure.

.. image:: create_quotations/quotation-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A typical quotation form in the Odoo Sales application.

Begin by entering the customer's name in the :guilabel:`Customer` field at the top of the form. This
is a **required** field.

If the customer's information is already in the database, the :guilabel:`Invoice Address` and
:guilabel:`Delivery Address` fields auto-populate with the saved information for those respective
fields, based on the data from that customer's contact record (found in the *Contacts* application).

If the customer was referred by another customer or contact, enter their name in the
:guilabel:`Referrer` field.

If a :guilabel:`Referrer` is selected, a new field, :guilabel:`Commission Plan` appears, in which
a commission can be selected from the drop-down menu. This commission is rewarded to the contact

> selected in the :guilabel:`Referrer` field.

Author: Yes. This is for commission. I feel like I mention that in a few different ways here. I'll try to think of a way to make it even more clear, but I'm not sure if that's possible. That said, I think I'm going to keep this as-is, as well.

Next, if they have not already been auto-populated with the customer's information, enter the
appropriate addresses in the :guilabel:`Invoice Address` and :guilabel:`Delivery Address` fields.
Both of these fields are **required**.

Then, if desired, choose a :guilabel:`Quotation Template` from the drop-down field to apply to this
quotation.

The default date that appears in the :guilabel:`Expiration` field is based on the number configured
in the :guilabel:`Default Quotation Validity` setting (in :menuselection:`Sales app -->

> Configuration --> Settings`).

Reviewer 2: you could make an anchor to the settings and link it here- totally optional!

.. tip::
   When using a quotation template, the date in the :guilabel:`Expiration` field is based off the
   :guilabel:`Quotation Validity` figure on the template form.

If the quotation is for a recurring product or subscription, select the desired :guilabel:`Recurring
Plan` from that specific drop-down menu.

If desired, select a specific :guilabel:`Pricelist` to be applied to this quotation.

Lastly, select any specific :guilabel:`Payment Terms` to be used for this quotation.

Order Lines tab
---------------

The first tab on the quotation form is the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab.

In this tab, select products, and quantities of those products, to add them to the quotation.

There are two ways to add products to the quotation from this tab.

Clicking :guilabel:`Add a product`, selecting the desired item from the :guilabel:`Product`
drop-down field, and proceeding to adjust the quantity of that selected product, if necessary, is
one way to add products to a quotation.

> Or, click :guilabel:`Catalog` to reveal a separate page, showcasing every item (and every potential
> product variant) in a neatly organized display, with items organizable by :guilabel:`Product

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Or, click :guilabel:`Catalog` to reveal a separate page, showcasing every item, and every potential
product variant, in a neatly organized display, with items organizable by :guilabel:`Product
```

Reviewer 2: Also, I am not sure if I am correct- but it appears to me that these are organized alphabetically by the Internal Reference code on the product form. I checked in a runbot, and it seems to be the case. You can filter with categories and attributes, but I do not think it is actually organizing them in that order?

Author: When I mention that it is "organizable" that was intended to imply that users can *choose* to organize the results on the catalog page using the sidebar options. Maybe you mistakenly read that as "**is** organized by..." 🤷

Category` and :guilabel:`Attributes`.

.. image:: create_quotations/product-catalog.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A product catalog accessible via a quotation in the Odoo Sales application.

> From here, simply locate the desired items, click the :icon:`fa-shopping-cart` :guilabel:`Add`

Reviewer 2: You don't have to click the cart- clicking anywhere on the card adds more items. This confused me since I clicked on a card to reveal the product details, and it added it to the cart!  Kind of odd to even have a cart button at that point =D
Just wanted to mention it!

Author: Oooh that *is* interesting. Great catch! I'm assuming this **might** be a bug that is fixed later...? Not sure. Either way, I think if I keep this as-is, I won't have to return to it down the line to specify that the 'Add' button needs to be clicked. At this point, though, like you said, clicking anywhere on the card adds it, so users may see that as a "happy accident" haha

> button on the product card(s), and adjust the quantity, if needed. When complete, click the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
button on the product cards, and adjust the quantity, if needed. When complete, click the
```

:guilabel:`Back to Quotation` button in the upper-left corner to return to the quotation, where the
newly-selected catalog items can be found in the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab.

If multiple items should be presented in a more organized way on the quotation, click :guilabel:`Add
a section`, enter a name for the section, and drag-and-drop that section heading in the desired

> location amongst the items in the :guilabel:`Order Lines` tab. The section heading appears in bold.

Reviewer 2: You could add an example here- I know it's probably unnecessary, but perhaps to illustrate the ways to divide products. You could do a clothing company, and have it organized by Women, Men's, Kids, etc. Or perhaps a tech company, with items, and  section for accessories? Just a thought!

If needed, click :guilabel:`Add a note` beneath a certain product line, to add a custom note about

> that specific product. The note appears in italics.

Reviewer 2: Looks like the note can only be at the bottom- so it doesn't appear under whatever product the note is needed for.  So if you need to add a note to a product, you have to add it, make sure it's at the bottom- add the note, then add more products, etc. I tested this a few times and it seems to be how it works. I'd add an "important' admonition or something similar since this could e a huge issue if someone adds a lot of products, thinking they can add notes after they are added.

Author: Well, actually, when you write a note, it appears as a line on the Order Lines tab (just like a product or section). And, just like a product or section line, they can be moved and placed anywhere on the quotation. I added some more context about that functionality. 👍

Beneath the product lines, there are buttons that can be clicked to apply any of the following:
:guilabel:`Coupon Code`, :guilabel:`Promotions`, :guilabel:`Discount`, and/or :guilabel:`Add
shipping`.

.. seealso::
   - :doc:`../products_prices/ewallets_giftcards`
   - :doc:`../products_prices/loyalty_discount`
   - :doc:`../products_prices/prices/pricing`

Optional Products tab
---------------------

Open the :guilabel:`Optional Products` tab to select related products that can be presented to the
customer, which may result in an increased sale. For example, if the customer wants to buy a car, an
optional product that could be offered is a *Trailer Hitch*.

To learn more about the :guilabel:`Optional Products` tab on a quotation, refer to the
:doc:`Optional products <optional_products>` documentation.

Other Info tab
--------------

In the :guilabel:`Other Info` tab, there are various quotation-related configurations separated into

> four different sections: :guilabel:`Sales`, :guilabel:`Delivery`, :guilabel:`Invoicing`,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
four different sections: :guilabel:`Sales`, :guilabel:`Delivery`, :guilabel:`Invoicing`, and
```

:guilabel:`Tracking`.

.. note::
   Some fields only appear if specific settings and options have been configured.

Sales section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In the :guilabel:`Sales` section of the :guilabel:`Other Info` tab, there are sales specific fields
that can be configured.

.. image:: create_quotations/other-info-sales.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Sales section of the Other Info tab of a quotation form in Odoo Sales.

- :guilabel:`Salesperson`: assign a salesperson from the drop-down menu to be associated with this

>   quotation. The user who originally created the quotation is selected in this field, by default.

Reviewer 2: Is the person in this field the one who receives a commission? Might be good to note.

Author: Well, that's a bit tricky. So, it kinda depends on how the individual company operates. There could be a referrer who gets a commission. Or, the commission could go to the salesperson. Or, the company could divvy such a thing up between the two (if both are even involved). So, considering that it's a bit of a "case by case" basis, I am going to leave it as this generic explanation, so as to avoid any confusion.

- :guilabel:`Sales Team`: assign a specific sales team to this quotation. If the selected
  :guilabel:`Salesperson` is a member of a sales team, that team is auto-populated in the field.
- :guilabel:`Company`: select a company from the drop-down menu that this quotation should be
  associated with. This field only appears when working in a multi-company environment.
- :guilabel:`Online signature`: tick this checkbox to request an online signature from the customer
  to confirm the order. This field only appears if the *Online Signature* setting has been enabled.
- :guilabel:`Online payment`: tick this checkbox, and enter a desired percentage in the adjacent
  field, in order to request an online payment from the customer (for that designated percentage of
  the total amount) to confirm the order. This field only appears if the *Online Payment* setting
  has been enabled.
- :guilabel:`Customer Reference`: choose to enter a custom reference ID for this customer. The

>   entered reference ID could have letters, numbers, or a mix of both.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  entered reference ID can contain letters, numbers, or a mix of both.
```

- :guilabel:`Tags`: choose to add specific tags to the quotation for added organization and enhanced
  searchability in the Odoo *Sales* application. Multiple tags can be added, if necessary.

Delivery section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> In the :guilabel:`Delivery` section of the :guilabel:`Other Info` tab, there are delivery specific

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In the :guilabel:`Delivery` section of the :guilabel:`Other Info` tab, there are delivery-specific
```

fields that can be configured.

.. image:: create_quotations/other-info-delivery.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Delivery section of the Other Info tab of a quotation form in Odoo Sales.

> - :guilabel:`Shipping Weight`: the weight of the item(s) being shipped. This field is not

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Shipping Weight`: the weight of the items being shipped. This field is not
```

  modifiable. Product weight is configured on individual product forms.
- :guilabel:`Incoterm`: select an Incoterm (or International Commerical Term) to use as predefined

>   commerical terms used in international transactions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  commerical terms for international transactions.
```

- :guilabel:`Incoterm Location`: if an Incoterm is being used, enter in the international location
  in this field.
- :guilabel:`Shipping Policy`: select a desired shipping policy from the drop-down menu. If all

>   products are delivered at once, th e delivery order is scheduled based on the greatest product

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  products are delivered at once, the delivery order is scheduled based on the greatest product
```

  time. Otherwise, it is based on the shortest lead time. The available options are:
  :guilabel:`As soon as possible` or :guilabel:`When all products are ready`.
- :guilabel:`Delivery Date`: click into the empty field to reveal a calendar popover, from which
  a customer delivery date can be selected. If no custom date is required, refer to the
  :guilabel:`Expected` date listed to the right of that field.

Invoicing section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In the :guilabel:`Invoicing` section of the :guilabel:`Other Info` tab, there are invoicing specific
fields that can be configured.

.. image:: create_quotations/other-info-invoicing.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Invoicing section of the Other Info tab of a quotation form in Odoo Sales.

- :guilabel:`Fiscal Position`: select a fiscal position to be used in order to adapt taxes and
  accounts for particular customers or sales orders/invoices. The default value comes from the
  customer. If a selection is made in this field, an :icon:`fa-refresh` :guilabel:`Update Taxes`
  clickable link and icon appear. When clicked, the taxes for this partiuclar customer and quotation

>   are updated.

Reviewer 2: There's a confirmation window that appears as well.

- :guilabel:`Analytic Account`: select an analytic account to apply to this customer/quotation.

Tracking section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In the :guilabel:`Tracking` section of the :guilabel:`Other Info` tab, there are tracking specific
fields that can be configured.

.. image:: create_quotations/other-info-tracking.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Tracking section of the Other Info tab of a quotation form in Odoo Sales.

> - :guilabel:`Source Document`: enter the reference of teh document that generated the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Source Document`: enter the reference of the document that generated the
```

> - :guilabel:`Source Document`: enter the reference of teh document that generated the

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Source Document`: enter the reference of the document that generated the
```

  quotation/sales order, if applicable.
- :guilabel:`Opportunity`: select the specific opportunity (from the *CRM* app) related to this
  quotation, if applicable.
- :guilabel:`Campaign`: select the marketing campaign related to this quotation, if applicable.

> - :guilabel:`Medium`: select the method of which this quotation was originated (e.g. *Email*,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Medium`: select the method by which this quotation originated (e.g. *Email*,
```

---------

In the :guilabel:`Notes` tab of the quotation form, choose to enter any specific internal notes
about the quotation and/or customer, if desired.

Sending and confirming quotations
=================================

Once all the necessary fields and tabs have been configured on the quotation form, it is time to
send the quotation to the customer, so they can confirm it, which subsequently, turns the quotation
into an official sales order.

At the top of the form, there is a series of buttons:

- :guilabel:`Send by Email`: when clicked, a pop-up window appears with the customer's name and
  email address in the :guilabel:`Recipients` field, the quotation (and reference ID) in the
  :guilabel:`Subject` field, and a brief default message in the body of the email, which can be
  modified, if needed.

  Below that, a PDF copy of the quotation is attached. When ready, click :guilabel:`Send` to send
  the quotation, via email, to the customer, so they can review and confirm it.
- :guilabel:`Send PRO-FORMA Invoice`: this button **only** appears if the *Pro-Forma Invoice*
  setting has been enabled. When clicked, a pop-up window appears with the customer's name and email

>   address in the :guilabel:`Recipients` field, the *Proforma* invoice (and reference ID) in the

Reviewer 3: "Proforma" is formatted differently here than above.

Author: For sure, and I would've mentioned the same thing. However, like some other aspects of the U/I, the spelling/formatting isn't always the same throughout the database, unfortunately. So, with that in mind, I always opt for the formatting/spelling that is present on the screen *at the moment*.

In this case, it is spelled/formatted like this one the pop-up:
![Screenshot 2024-06-13 105142](https://github.com/odoo/documentation/assets/73958186/627e73d3-185d-4524-bfd3-54b88478e444)

=================
Create quotations
=================

In Odoo *Sales*, quotations can be quickly created and sent to customers. Once a quotation has been
confirmed, it officially turns into a *sales order*, which can then be invoiced and paid for.

.. _sales/quotation-settings:

Quotation settings
==================

While the ability to create and send quotations in the Odoo *Sales* application is avaialble by
default, there are a collection of quotation and order settings that can be customized and
configured, if needed.

To access these setting options, navigate to :menuselection:`Sales app --> Configuration -->
Settings`, and scroll to the :guilabel:`Quotations & Orders` section.

.. image:: create_quotations/quotations-orders-section.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Quotations and Orders section on the Odoo Sales app Settings page.

> - :guilabel:`Quotation Templates`: create unique quotation templates featuring standardized offers

Reviewer: All of the "to learn more" items in this list can just be accumulated in a **seealso** admonition at the end, or the links can be more integrated with the list item descriptions as inline links or individual **seealso**s; we don't need to say over and over "to learn more go to the x documentation"

Author: Understood. Moved them to the seealso at the end of the doc. Thanks for the super helpful suggestion. I really appreciate the attention to detail. 🙏

  with default products, which can be easily accessed from a quotation form. When this checkbox is
  ticked, an additional field, :guilabel:`Default Template`, appears, along with a link to the
  :guilabel:`Quotation Templates` page. To learn more, refer to the :doc:`Quotation templates
  <quote_template>` documentation.
- :guilabel:`Online Signature`: request an online signature to confirm orders. To learn more, refer
  to the :doc:`Online payment order confirmation <get_signature_to_validate>` documentation.
- :guilabel:`Online Payment`: request an online prepayment from customers to confirm orders. Request
  a full or partial payment (via down payment). When this checkbox is ticked, an additional field,
  :guilabel:`Prepayment amount (%)`, appears. There is also a link to the :guilabel:`Payment
  Providers` page. To learn more, refer to the :doc:`Online payment order confirmation
  <get_paid_to_validate>` documentation.

> - :guilabel:`Default Quotation Validity`: determine an amount (in :guilabel:`days`) that quotations
>   can remain valid for, by default.

Reviewer: redundant "default"
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Default Quotation Validity`: determine a set amount (in :guilabel:`days`) that quotations
  can remain valid for.
```

  recurrence period for a new quotation.
- :guilabel:`Sale Warnings`: get warning messages about orders that include specific products or
  customers.
- :guilabel:`PDF Quote builder`: customize the look of quotations with unique header pages, product
  descriptions, footer pages, and more. To learn more, refer to the :doc:`PDF quote builder
  <pdf_quote_builder>` documentation.
- :guilabel:`Lock Confirmed Sales`: ensure that no further edits can be made to confirmed orders.
- :guilabel:`Pro-Forma Invoice`: send pro-forma invoices to customers. To learn more, refer to the
  :doc:`Pro-forma invoices <../invoicing/proforma>` documentation.

To activate any of these settings, tick the checkbox beside the desired option(s). Then, click
:guilabel:`Save`.

Quotations dashboard
====================

To access the *Quotations* dashboard, which is the default dashboard of the *Sales* app, simply
click the :menuselection:`Sales app` from the main Odoo dashbord.

.. tip::
   If already in the *Sales* application, the :guilabel:`Quotations` dashboard can be accessed by
   navigating to :menuselection:`Orders --> Quotations` from the header menu in the *Sales*

>    application.

Reviewer: Sentence too long to say a simple/obvious thing.
The tip isn't necessary.
Why 11 lines for such a basic navigational instruction?

quotation.

Create quotation
================

To create a quotation in the Odoo *Sales* application, open the :menuselection:`Sales app`, and
click the :guilabel:`New` button, located in the upper-left corner of the main
:guilabel:`Quotations` dashboard.

.. important::
   The :guilabel:`New` button is **only** present if the :guilabel:`Quotations` dashboard is in list
   or Kanban view.

Clicking the :guilabel:`New` button reveals a blank quotation form, with various fields and tabs to
configure.

.. image:: create_quotations/quotation-form.png
   :align: center
   :alt: A typical quotation form in the Odoo Sales application.

Begin by entering the customer's name in the :guilabel:`Customer` field at the top of the form. This
is a **required** field.

If the customer's information is already in the database, the :guilabel:`Invoice Address` and
:guilabel:`Delivery Address` fields auto-populate with the saved information for those respective
fields, based on the data from that customer's contact record (found in the *Contacts* application).

If the customer was referred by another customer or contact, enter their name in the
:guilabel:`Referrer` field.

> If a :guilabel:`Referrer` is selected, a new field, :guilabel:`Commission Plan` appears, in which
> a commission can be selected from the drop-down menu. This commission is rewarded to the contact

Reviewer: early line break
```suggestion
If a :guilabel:`Referrer` is selected, a new field, :guilabel:`Commission Plan` appears, in which a
commission can be selected from the drop-down menu. This commission is rewarded to the contact
```

- :guilabel:`Tags`: choose to add specific tags to the quotation for added organization and enhanced
  searchability in the Odoo *Sales* application. Multiple tags can be added, if necessary.

Delivery section
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In the :guilabel:`Delivery` section of the :guilabel:`Other Info` tab, there are delivery-specific
fields that can be configured.

.. image:: create_quotations/other-info-delivery.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Delivery section of the Other Info tab of a quotation form in Odoo Sales.

- :guilabel:`Shipping Weight`: the weight of the items being shipped. This field is not modifiable.
  Product weight is configured on individual product forms.
- :guilabel:`Incoterm`: select an Incoterm (or International Commerical Term) to use as predefined
  commerical terms for international transactions.
- :guilabel:`Incoterm Location`: if an Incoterm is being used, enter in the international location
  in this field.
- :guilabel:`Shipping Policy`: select a desired shipping policy from the drop-down menu. If all
  products are delivered at once, the delivery order is scheduled based on the greatest product lead

>   time. Otherwise, it is based on the shortest lead time. The available options are:
>   :guilabel:`As soon as possible` or :guilabel:`When all products are ready`.

Reviewer: early line break
```suggestion
  time. Otherwise, it is based on the shortest lead time. The available options are: :guilabel:`As
  soon as possible` or :guilabel:`When all products are ready`.
```

> - :guilabel:`Delivery Date`: click into the empty field to reveal a calendar popover, from which
>   a customer delivery date can be selected. If no custom date is required, refer to the

Reviewer: early line break
```suggestion
- :guilabel:`Delivery Date`: click into the empty field to reveal a calendar popover, from which a
  customer delivery date can be selected. If no custom date is required, refer to the
```
